Add variant to KeyboardKey component (#8288)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/quiet-mirrors-talk.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Update style of default component and add optional size prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the style of keyboard component and add optional size prop
```
